Update with clearer instructions for customers (#18)
DataDog/datadog-kafka-connect-logs: README.md

1. Clone the repo from https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-kafka-connect-logs
2. Verify that Java8 JRE or JDK is installed.
3. Run `mvn clean compile package`. This will build the jar in the `/target` directory. The name will be 
`datadog-kafka-connect-logs-[VERSION].jar`.
4. The zip file for use on [Confluent Hub](https://www.confluent.io/hub/) can be found in `target/components/packages`.

## Quick Start

> 1. To install the plugin, simply place the jar file created by `mvn package` (`datadog-kafka-connect-logs-[VERSION].jar`) 

Reviewer: nit: to be consistent with the previous section, let's not mention `mvn package` here, but instead write something like:

```suggestion
1. To install the plugin, place the plugin's jar file (see [previous section](#installation-and-setup) on how to download or build it)
```
